Create page about using certificates (#114)
opnsense/docs: source/manual/certificates.rst

==================
Using certificates
==================

> In OPNsense, certificates are used for encrypting traffic. To make using them easier, OPNsense allows creating

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In OPNsense, certificates are used for ensuring trust between peers. To make using them easier, OPNsense allows creating
```

Author: Hm, not sure what the best phrasing is here. @mimugmail do you have an idea?

Reviewer: @MichaelDeciso at least not "encrypting traffic" as this is done by a cipher and never by a certificate.

Author: In the end, I just went with your suggestion.

> In OPNsense, certificates are used for encrypting traffic. To make using them easier, OPNsense allows creating

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In OPNsense, certificate management is easy, as it allows creating
```

Reviewer 2: I'd make is more general as is suggestion :)

certificates from the front-end. In addition to that, it also allows creating certificates for other purposes,
avoiding the need to use the ``openssl`` command line tool. Certificates in OPNsense can be managed from
**System->Trust->Certificates**.

The following types of certificate can be generated in OPNsense:

* Client
* Server
* Combined Client/Server

> * Certificate Authority

Reviewer: they should also be explained (especially if you configure a server with a client certificate, the connection should be rejected -> especially important for the web interface)

Author: I have added a warning.

Reviewer: @MichaelDeciso perfect. Well written :+1:

In addition to this, OPNsense can generate a Certificate Signing Request (CSR). This can be used if you want to create a

> certficate signed by an external CA.

Reviewer: I would mention how they are used, i. e. https://github.com/opnsense/docs/blob/master/source/manual/how-tos/nginx_tls_auth.rst for client certificates.

Reviewer 3: From core perspective OpenVPN and IPsec.

Author: OK, I listed those two. Normally, I'd put 3-4 examples, are there more or should I just leave it at two?

Reviewer 3: Captive Portal and web proxy then. While the admin GUI uses it too it should stay on topic for user-facing parts, not admin parts.
